Readme on how to set config id information (#4182)
openenclave/openenclave: docs/DesignDocs/InitTimeConfigurationInterface.md

     *  reflected in TEE-produced enclave identity evidence. Currently only
     *  supported by SGX Enclaves with KSS feature enabled.
     */

>     OE_SGX_ENCLAVE_CONFIG_DATA = 0x78b5b41d

Reviewer: OE guidance is to avoid abbreviations (like "CONFIG").  The old name had CONFIGURATION in it

} oe_enclave_setting_type_t;

> typedef struct _oe_sgx_enclave_setting_config_data

Reviewer: avoid "config" abbreviation

Author: As this is already defined in public header file in include/openenclave/host.h file and was part of previous release, it would create compatibility issues if we change it now.

Reviewer 2: Let us not change what is in the public headers.

{
    uint8_t config_id[64];

>     uint16_t config_svn;

Reviewer: here I think the abbreviation is ok since I think the intent is to literally match what is in an SGX processor specification for these field names (like SECS.CONFIGSVN is fine).

    bool ignore_if_unsupported;

}
oe_sgx_enclave_setting_config_data;
```

> For SGX, based on whether `OE_SGX_ENCLAVE_CONFIG_DATA` is provided and whether

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For SGX, based on whether the `OE_SGX_ENCLAVE_CONFIG_DATA` setting is provided and whether
```

SGX-KSS feature is supported, the SGX enclave loader sets `SECS.CONFIGID` and

> `SECS.CONFIGSVN` according to the table below. Developer can set `ignore_if_unsupported`
> field to `true` to ignore the provided configuration data if SGX-KSS feature is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`SECS.CONFIGSVN` according to the table below. Developer can set the `ignore_if_unsupported`
field to `true` to ignore the provided configuration data if the SGX-KSS feature is
```

not supported.

> | SGX KSS Feature | CONFIGURATION_DATA | ignore_if_unsupported | Behavior

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| SGX KSS Feature | OE_SGX_ENCLAVE_CONFIG_DATA| ignore_if_unsupported | Behavior
```

|-------|------|----------|----------------

> | Supported | Provided   | true/false | loader sets `SECS.CONFIGID` and `SECS.CONFIGSVN` from oe_sgx_enclave_setting_config_data

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Supported | Provided   | true/false | The enclave loader sets `SECS.CONFIGID` and `SECS.CONFIGSVN` to `config_id` and `config_svn`
```

> | Supported | Not Provided   | true/false | `SECS.CONFIGID` and `SECS.CONFIGSVN` are not changed

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Supported | Not Provided   | - | No action
```

| Not supported | Provided   | true | Enclave creation fails

> | Not supported | Provided   | false | Enclave loader ignores provided oe_sgx_enclave_setting_config_data

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Not supported | Provided   | false | No action (the enclave loader ignores the provided `config_id` and `config_svn`)
```

> | Not supported | Not Provided   | true/false | `SECS.CONFIGID` and `SECS.CONFIGSVN` are not changed

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Not supported | Not Provided   | - | No action
```

The enclave developer is responsible for the host side code that produces the

> Enclave Configuration Data and pass the data to the enclave loader. Below code snippet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enclave Configuration Data and pass the data to the enclave loader. The code snippet below
```

demonstrates an example of how a developer can provide configuration data and pass it to an enclave.

```C
    const uint8_t config_id_data[64] = {
    0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11,  12,  13,  143, 153,
    0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11,  12,  134, 14,  154,
    0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11,  125, 13,  14,  155,
    0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 116, 12,  13,  14,  156};

    const uint16_t config_svn = 65535;
    oe_sgx_enclave_setting_config_data mandatory_config_data_setting = {

>         {0}, config_svn, false /* ignore_if_unsupported */};

Reviewer 3: Can you also add an example where the ignore_if_unsupported is set to true? It's an important use case to write an enclave that works for both SGX1 and SGX2, which deserves a paragraph.

    memcpy(
        mandatory_config_data_setting.config_id,
        config_id_data,
        sizeof(mandatory_config_data_setting.config_id));
    oe_enclave_setting_t mandatory_settings;
    mandatory_settings.setting_type = OE_SGX_ENCLAVE_CONFIG_DATA;
    mandatory_settings.u.config_data = &mandatory_config_data_setting;
    result = oe_create_config_id_enclave(
            argv[1],
            OE_ENCLAVE_TYPE_SGX,
            flags,
            &mandatory_settings,
            1,
            &enclave);

>         OE_TEST(result == OE_OK);

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    OE_TEST(result == OE_OK);
```

On SGX CPUs supporting the KSS feature, `CONFIGID` and `CONFIGSVN` are available
in the SGX `REPORT`. The OE SDK libs will provide an API to retrieve config_id

> and config_svn within the enclave. The [code commit](https://github.com/openenclave/openenclave/commit/7bb04b51fdf67a55d927921891473d7521f979ec#diff-8ddfddac7b1a84829881b6bc97d2b812dfbb7693a143ae6cb033285d857ce636) demonstrates how developers can use APIs to retrieve config_id and config_svn within the enclave

Reviewer 4: Is it acceptable to link to a commit? Can be a link to a file in repo instead?

Author: As file content could be changing any time, commit id provides static code.

Reviewer 3: This is an important example too. We can add a code snippet? I'd prefer an example based on `oe_get_report_v2` and `oe_parse_report`.

Reviewer: In my opinion: we should never be linking to a commit.  I think it should point to something (e.g., a markdown file, or a sample, or whatever) in the latest master.   If it changes in a way that makes this statement false, I would say the PR that makes the change ought to update this text.

    // Set up extra content and config_id
    rsa3072_public_key_t  pubkey = {...};

>     oe_sgx_enclave_setting_config_data configdata=

Reviewer 4: `configdata =`

Reviewer: configuration_data =

    // Set up extra content and config_id
    rsa3072_public_key_t  pubkey = {...};

>     oe_sgx_enclave_setting_config_data configdata=

Reviewer 4: `configdata =`

    // Set up extra content and config_id
    rsa3072_public_key_t  pubkey = {...};

>     oe_sgx_enclave_setting_config_data configdata=

Reviewer 4: configdata =, add space.
